About RGMCET
Our History
Rajeev Gandhi Memorial College of Engineering and Technology, Nandyal was inaugurated on 09.03.1996 by Late Sri P.V.Narasimha Rao, the former Prime Minister of India and Sri N.Chandrababu Naidu, the former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. This institute is one of the top engineering colleges of Andhra Pradesh. The institute has got permanent affiliation from JNTUA Anantapuramu. It has been conferred Autonomous status by UGC in 2010 and has upgraded the curriculum and regulations as per the needs of the industry and society from time to time. All the UG eligible Courses in the institute are accredited four times by NBA and recently in Tier-I category. The institute has also got accredited by NAAC with A+ grade (3.54 out of 4.0 CGPA). The institute has been accredited by TCS for placements and training. The institute has DSIR (Ministry of Science and Technology) recognition for the exemption of excise duty for the research equipment procured. It was selected for the World Bank assisted TEQIP-1 for quality improvement. The institute is ISO 9001-2008 certified. The Jawahar Knowledge Center of the institute has been awarded as the best JKC center twice by the Government of Andhra Pradesh for highest campus placements.The Institute offers number of Skill Development Programmes and has been sansctioned the Deen Dayal Upadhaya KAUSHAL Kendra under Ministry of HRD. The institute has been conferred with College with Potential for Excellence (CPE) by UGC, New Delhi in 2016. The institute has been recognized as SIEMENS INC “Technical Skill Development Institute” (TSDI) by Government of Andhra Pradesh in association with APSSDC in 2016, apart from establishing two CM's Skill Centers in 2018. In order to make every student industry ready, pursue higher education and research, there is a constant effort to work in coordination with the alumni – who frequently visits the campus and deliver talks to create awareness about the requirements of the industry and being employable. On a continuous basis this institution is embarking on a journey towards excellence in quality education and research.

Our Vision
To develop this rural based engineering college into an institute of technical education with global standards
To become an institute of excellence which contributes to the needs of society
To inculcate value based education with noble goal of “ Education for peace and progress”
Our Mission
To build a world class undergraduate program with all required infrastructure that provides strong theoretical knowledge supplemented by the state of art skills
To establish postgraduate programs in basic and cutting edge technologies
To create conductive ambiance to induce and nurture research
To turn young graduates to success oriented entrepreneurs
To develop linkage with industries to have strong industry institute interaction
To offer demand driven courses to meet the needs of the industry and society
To inculcate human values and ethos into the education system for an all-round development of students
Our Quality Policy
To improve the teaching and learning
To evaluate the performance of students at regular intervals and take necessary steps for betterment
To establish and develop centers of excellence for research and consultancy
To prepare students to face the competition in the market globally and realize the responsibilities as true citizen to serve the nation and uplift the country’s pride.
Management

Chairman - Dr. M. Santhiramudu Garu

PineappleIn 1995 RGMCET was established and started functioning in the campus of The Nandyal Public school. Today it is located in a 50 acre sprawling campus on NH-18 at NANDYAL. It is the dedicated commitment and effort of our Chairman, the man with vision “Vidyarathna” Dr.M.Santhi Ramudu, who started the institution with a motto “EDUCATION FOR PEACE”.
RGMCET is a road of elegant educational journey, yet path breaking in different dimensions. Dr.M.Santhi Ramudu strived a lot to bring technical education to the people of Rayalaseema. The mission goes on as Santhiram Medical College has been established in the year 2005.
The secret of this visionary is his humility with his cheerful approach. He is enriching these rural lands with knowledge. As a skilled crafts-man, he utilizes each moment of the day and stands as an apostle of hard work and the living example for the saying ‘HARD WORK NEVER DECEIVES’.


Managing Director - M. Siva Ram Garu

PineappleA young, result driven, self-motivated and resourceful managing director with a proven ability and in charge to lead, develop, motivate and strengthen managing team in the Institution. He is a paramount member in reviewing, refining, developing the strategy and direction of College governing body. He is Entrepreneurial by nature and able to see the bigger picture and is responsible for the day-to day running of the Institution with a particular emphasis on developing the Institution in a holistic way. He is involved in planning, organizing and act as a Mentor for Institutional Clubs, Sports and Cultural activities held in the college. He is a good critic of policies and keeps vitalizing them for better future. He is the founder of Santiram Seva Samithi which focuses on Philanthropic works. He is also the Director of Santhiram Chemicals Private Limited and Santhiram Automotives that prioritized targeted growth in areas such as providing research opportunities, employment and ease at agricultural sector.

Administrators


Dr. T Jayachandra Prasad
Principal
+91-9440290470
principal.9@jntua.ac.in

Dr. D.V. Ashok Kumar
Dean-Admin. & Director Placements
+91-9866308477
dad@rgmcet.edu.in

Dr. B.Rami Reddy
Dean - Student Affairs
+91-9442079377
ramireddy@pec.edu